README.md, before:

# [spectre-react-lib](https://spectre-react-lib.philvr.com)

![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/mashape/apistatus.svg?style=for-the-badge)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/spectre-react-lib.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/spectre-react-lib)
[![npm bundle size (minified + gzip)](https://img.shields.io/bundlephobia/minzip/spectre-react-lib.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://bundlephobia.com/result?p=spectre-react-lib)
[![codecov](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/FIL1994/spectre-react-lib.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://codecov.io/gh/FIL1994/spectre-react-lib)

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/ca02e192-804a-4cfe-af18-cf4e3cb4e21f/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/unruffled-tereshkova-7880d8/deploys)

Spectre.css and React integration

## Usage

Installation:

```sh
npm install spectre-react-lib
```

Importing components:

```js
import {
  Page,
  Pagination,
  Panel,
  Tab,
  Toast,
  Button,
  Table,
  Grid,
  Divider,
  Loading,
  Parallax,
  ControlledTab,
  EmptyState,
} from 'spectre-react-lib';
```

## Examples

[View here](http://spectre-react-lib.philvr.ca)

Commit message:

chore: release please updates (#82)
* update README for release please

* removed unused release scripts

* uninstalled release-it

README.md, after:

# [spectre-react-lib](https://spectre-react-lib.philvr.com)

![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/mashape/apistatus.svg?style=for-the-badge)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/spectre-react-lib.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/spectre-react-lib)
[![npm bundle size (minified + gzip)](https://img.shields.io/bundlephobia/minzip/spectre-react-lib.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://bundlephobia.com/result?p=spectre-react-lib)
[![codecov](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/FIL1994/spectre-react-lib.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://codecov.io/gh/FIL1994/spectre-react-lib)

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/ca02e192-804a-4cfe-af18-cf4e3cb4e21f/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/unruffled-tereshkova-7880d8/deploys)

Spectre.css and React integration

## Usage

Installation:

```sh
npm install spectre-react-lib
```

Importing components:

```js
import {
  Page,
  Pagination,
  Panel,
  Tab,
  Toast,
  Button,
  Table,
  Grid,
  Divider,
  Loading,
  Parallax,
  ControlledTab,
  EmptyState,
} from 'spectre-react-lib';
```

## Storybook Examples

[Click here](http://spectre-react-lib.philvr.ca) to see the storybook examples.

## Automated Releases

The CHANGELOG in this project is generated by [Release Please](https://github.com/googleapis/release-please). Release Please does this by parsing the git history, looking for [Conventional Commit messages](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/), and creating release PRs.
